hi there my name is Josh welcome to echo
rafting let me show you some of the
things that makes it go rafting quite
unique different for the other raft
company's new zealand we've got pretty
awesome camping out in the wilderness
with heats a lovely nature and pretty
cool mountains oh my fair dinkum those
their mounds are awesome what are you
reckon Gillian you're pretty awesome how
awesome really awesome awesome trout
fishing just caught a little fish and
then bear scars hooked up on another one
there are no roads within 50 kilometres
wilderness camping and the wilderness
wild how's your trip going apart from
the rafting that we haven't actually
done yet excellent more than the mall
and hopeful no I I'm in paradise
basically 360-degree amazingness
diphu it is cipher yeah it's definitely
safer and more dangerous pretty awesome
gang